README.md, before:

# Rapid Moment Navigator

A Python application for searching subtitle files and quickly navigating to specific moments in your media files.

## Features

- Search for keywords across subtitle files (.srt)
- Select different shows from a dropdown menu
- View search results with clickable timecodes
- Click on a result to open the corresponding video at the exact timestamp
- Automatic mapping between subtitle files and video files
- Generic directory structure support - works with any organization pattern
- Ctrl+Backspace support in the search field for faster text editing

## Requirements

- Python 3.6 or above
- Media Player Classic (MPC-HC) installed (preferably at one of the standard locations)
- Tkinter (usually comes with Python installation)

## Installation

1. Make sure you have Python installed. If not, download and install from [python.org](https://python.org)
2. No additional packages are needed beyond the standard library

## Usage

1. Place the `rapid_moment_navigator.py` script in the parent directory of your show folders
2. Run the script with Python:
   ```
   python rapid_moment_navigator.py
   ```
3. Select a show from the dropdown menu
4. Enter a search term
5. Click "Find All" or press Enter to search
6. Results will display with clickable timecodes
7. Click on any timecode to open the corresponding video at that timestamp

### Command-line Options

- `--debug`: Enable debug output to console for troubleshooting
   ```
   python rapid_moment_navigator.py --debug
   ```

## File Structure

The application is flexible and can handle various directory structures:

1. Subtitle files should be in a folder named "Subtitles" within each show's directory
2. Video files can be anywhere within the show's directory or subdirectories
3. The application will automatically find and map subtitle files to video files based on filename similarity

Example structures that are supported:

```
Parent Directory
│
├── Show1
│   ├── Subtitles
│   │   ├── Show1 - 1x01.srt
│   │   └── ...
│   │
│   ├── Season 1
│   │   ├── Show1 - 1x01.mp4
│   │   └── ...
│   │
│   └── Season 2
│       └── ...
│
├── Show2
│   ├── Subtitles
│   │   ├── SHOW2_S01E01.srt
│   │   └── ...
│   │
│   ├── S01
│   │   ├── SHOW2_S01E01.mp4
│   │   └── ...
│   │
│   └── S02
│       └── ...
│
└── Show3
    ├── Subtitles
    │   ├── S01_DISC1_Title1.srt
    │   └── ...
    │
    └── S01
        ├── D1
        │   ├── S01_DISC1_Title1.mp4
        │   └── ...
        └── D2
            └── ...
```

## Filename Matching Logic

The application attempts to match subtitle and video files using the following strategies:

1. Exact filename match (ignoring extensions)
2. Partial matching with cleaned filenames (removing separators, common words, etc.)

This approach handles various naming conventions and formats automatically.

## Notes

- If Media Player Classic (MPC-HC) isn't found at the default locations, the application will try alternative locations or fall back to the default media player
- The search is case-insensitive
- HTML tags in subtitles are ignored during both search and display

Commit message:

Add support for multiple video formats (MP4, MKV, MOV, etc.)

README.md, after:

# Rapid Moment Navigator

A Python application for searching subtitle files and quickly navigating to specific moments in your media files.

## Features

- Search for keywords across subtitle files (.srt)
- Select different shows from a dropdown menu
- View search results with clickable timecodes
- Click on a result to open the corresponding video at the exact timestamp
- Automatic mapping between subtitle files and video files
- Support for various video formats (MP4, MKV, AVI, MOV, WMV, etc.)
- Generic directory structure support - works with any organization pattern
- Ctrl+Backspace support in the search field for faster text editing

## Requirements

- Python 3.6 or above
- Media Player Classic (MPC-HC) installed (preferably at one of the standard locations)
- Tkinter (usually comes with Python installation)

## Installation

1. Make sure you have Python installed. If not, download and install from [python.org](https://python.org)
2. No additional packages are needed beyond the standard library

## Usage

1. Place the `rapid_moment_navigator.py` script in the parent directory of your show folders
2. Run the script with Python:
   ```
   python rapid_moment_navigator.py
   ```
3. Select a show from the dropdown menu
4. Enter a search term
5. Click "Find All" or press Enter to search
6. Results will display with clickable timecodes
7. Click on any timecode to open the corresponding video at that timestamp

### Command-line Options

- `--debug`: Enable debug output to console for troubleshooting
   ```
   python rapid_moment_navigator.py --debug
   ```

## File Structure

The application is flexible and can handle various directory structures:

1. Subtitle files should be in a folder named "Subtitles" within each show's directory
2. Video files can be anywhere within the show's directory or subdirectories
3. The application will automatically find and map subtitle files to video files based on filename similarity
4. Supports common video formats including MP4, MKV, AVI, MOV, WMV, and more

Example structures that are supported:

```
Parent Directory
│
├── Show1
│   ├── Subtitles
│   │   ├── Show1 - 1x01.srt
│   │   └── ...
│   │
│   ├── Season 1
│   │   ├── Show1 - 1x01.mp4
│   │   └── ...
│   │
│   └── Season 2
│       └── ...
│
├── Show2
│   ├── Subtitles
│   │   ├── SHOW2_S01E01.srt
│   │   └── ...
│   │
│   ├── S01
│   │   ├── SHOW2_S01E01.mkv
│   │   └── ...
│   │
│   └── S02
│       └── ...
│
└── Show3
    ├── Subtitles
    │   ├── S01_DISC1_Title1.srt
    │   └── ...
    │
    └── S01
        ├── D1
        │   ├── S01_DISC1_Title1.mov
        │   └── ...
        └── D2
            └── ...
```

## Filename Matching Logic

The application attempts to match subtitle and video files using the following strategies:

1. Exact filename match (ignoring extensions)
2. Partial matching with cleaned filenames (removing separators, common words, etc.)

This approach handles various naming conventions and formats automatically.

## Notes

- If Media Player Classic (MPC-HC) isn't found at the default locations, the application will try alternative locations or fall back to the default media player
- The search is case-insensitive
- HTML tags in subtitles are ignored during both search and display
- The application supports a wide range of video formats - if MPC-HC can play it, the application can usually handle it
